---
title: "Googy"
date: 2005-03-30
slug: "googy"
tags: ["Double trouble", "Funny", "Maddening", "Overheard", "Trouble with words"]
draft: false
---

I'm not a big believer in twins creating their own languages. There's been no evidence of it in our family anyway. They do, however, make up the odd nonsense word just like any other children. Hannah and Lauren's favourite and most hard-wearing such word is "googy". Googy covers a whole range of bases. It's a nickname! It's a substitute for any other noun! It's a fast-acting catalyst to monkeying about! For example: **Hannah:** Googy! **Lauren:** Yes, Googy? **Me/Nicola _(through gritted teeth)_:** Open... _wide_... **Lauren:** What is it, Googy? **Hannah:** Er... Googy! _(helpless mirth ensues)_ **Me/Nicola _(curiously unaffected by helpless mirth)_:** Come here NOW and BRUSH YOUR TEETH!! Googy has become one of those mixed blessings of parenthood. On the one hand, the girls just wouldn't be their cheeky selves without it. On the other hand, they wouldn't be such a pain in the arse without it either. Every now and then there's an incident that swings the pendulum very much one way or the other. One such incident happened a couple of days ago, as I was still in bed. There was a little conversation going on just outside the bedroom door which I had the good luck to overhear: **Lauren:** Googy? **Hannah:** Yes, Googy? **Lauren:** What's the French for Googy? **Hannah:** Er, it's... (pause to adopt correct accent)... _Gaugisse_. Praise be to Googy. Where would we be without it?
